Redo "badge app 101" instructions (#324)
emfcamp/badge-2024-documentation: docs/tildagon-apps/publish.md

## Instructions

1. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo) this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Binney/tildagon-demo/).

> 2. Edit the app properties in the [`tildagon.toml` file](https://github.com/Binney/tildagon-demo/blob/main/tildagon.toml) with your name, the category of the app, and other metadata:

Reviewer: The links stay with the original creator of the demo. You can make a PR to Hugh's repo if you want to update the readme
```suggestion
1. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo) this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/hughrawlinson/tildagon-demo/).
2. Edit the app properties in the `tildagon.toml` file with your name, the category of the app, and other metadata ([example](https://github.com/npentrel/tildagon-demo/blob/main/tildagon.toml)):
```
